

This directory has some utilities I find useful in Matlab, and some examples of
usage. The most important ones needed for Matlab m-files I distribute are ccc.m and
positionfig.m. If you don't care about Matlab's placement of graphics windows, edit
the latter to replace the line
    justreturn = false;
with
    justreturn = true;
and it will just pass through calls to Matlab's figure command.

All of these files should be put into your base Matlab directory, and they will be
available from any Matlab session on that machine. Or you can put them into a folder
like A321/Utilities and then add that folder to the path using Matlab's addpath()
function.

Read the documentation in the individual files for more info than is shown below.

Last Modified: Tue 15 Jan 2019, 05:00 PM

----------
Base file
----------
startup.m: sets up preferences and some global settings. Currently just sets
    formatting and specifies grid lines on plots, but includes a commented-out
    line that shows how to make Matlab add a folder to its search path.


-----
Times
-----
TimeUnits.m: converts a number of seconds into larger units like minutes, hours,
    centuries, etc. 

showtimes.m: calls TimeUnits and then pretty-prints out the time in different
    larger units, as long as the larger units are greater or equal to 1. 

OtherUnits.m: return time units like days, months, etc. in number of seconds

demotimeunits.m: a script that demonstrates calling TimeUnits.m

-----------
Utilities
-----------
ccc.m: clears everything from a Matlab session to start over

ijmat.m: Creates a matrix A such that A(i,j) = 10*i+j. This is useful for
    experimenting with indexing in Matlab


-----------
Graphics 
-----------
enlargeaxis.m: expands x/y limits of a 2D plot 

hline.m: adds one or more horizontal lines to a plot

vline.m: adds vertical lines to a plot

azrotate.m: rotates a plot in the azimuth. useful for spinning an object without
    having to use the mouse.

positionfig.m: a replacement for "figure" that will place graphics windows where
    desired, to avoid them overlapping each other. Especially useful for 
    multi-monitor setups. Set justreturn = true to get a regular figure window
setup_positionfig.m: used to provide the positionings used in positionfig.m

colormaps.m: returns an array of the named colormaps in Matlab. Also sorts into
    some categories; "physical" is probably the most useful.

memuse.m: for people using Mac or Unix platforms, the Matlab function memory.m does
    not work. This replaces it by providing an estimate of the amount of memory
    currently being used by Matlab.

